docs: B2B Migration developer documentation (#1827)
shopware/docs: products/extensions/b2b-suite-migration/execution/running-migration.md

   ```bash
   bin/console b2b:migrate:commercial component_name_1 component_name_2
   ```

**Example**: To migrate only the `shopping_list` and `quote_management` components:

   ```bash
   bin/console b2b:migrate:commercial quote_management shopping_list
   ```
  
**Note**: The `employee_management` component is a prerequisite for all other B2B components and is migrated first by default, regardless of the specified order. For instance, executing `bin/console b2b:migrate:commercial quote_management shopping_list` will migrate `employee_management` first, followed by `quote_management`, and then `shopping_list`. The order of components listed in the command determines their migration sequence after `employee_management`.

::: info
This command utilizes the message queue system to process the migration in the background. Even after the command execution completes, the migration may still be ongoing. To monitor the migration status in real-time, run the `bin/console b2b:migrate:progress` command in a separate terminal window.
:::

### Check Migration Status

> This command provides real-time insights into the migration process, displaying progress and any errors in a table format.

Reviewer: You are not displaying individual errors here right?

```suggestion
This command provides real-time insights into the migration process, displaying progress and statistics in a table format.
```
